README.md, before:

# Portage Bay Solutions - DataTables Demo - Using JSDev Kit

_JS Dev Kit courtesy of Jeremy Brown's [js-dev-environment](https://github.com/integrating-magic/js-dev-environment)_

# This Kit

## What it does

This environment allows a FileMaker developer to start coding their widget and see the results right away in a FileMaker file. Once done developing, the can be inlined and pushed to the FileMaker file for use offline.
<br/>
It's a template file, so you can use to start other projects.
For this template we've developed a built a DataTables example

## Consists of

- A repository template on Github
- A basic html / JS set up.
- package.json file for install
- A FileMaker file to show the widget rendered
- Scripts to build and upload the inlined code to FileMaker

## Getting Started

_This widget requires the associated FMP.12 Demo file to function correctly._

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`
3. Open the DataTables-Demo_PBS.fmp12 file.
4. JSDev Example - Last Layout in Demo File
5. Allow it to work in Dev mode.

Webviewer should be populated with the PBS custom DataTable.

## Kit Modifications

This kit has been modified to include an example DataTables integration.

## Demo File

Refer to PBS DataTables Demo for specific data mapping

Commit message:

Readme Update / Base CSS Revision

README.md, after:

# Portage Bay Solutions - DataTables Demo

# Original Kit

_JS Dev Kit courtesy of Jeremy Brown's [js-dev-environment](https://github.com/integrating-magic/js-dev-environment)_

# Kit - Template

## What it does

This environment uses the same js-dev-environment as the original kit. For this environment we provided the basic template needed to produce a DataTables integration. You can use this as a starter to customize your DataTable implementation building upon the existing code base.

## Consists of

- A repository template on Github
- A basic html / JS set up.
- package.json file for install
- A FileMaker file to show the widget rendered
- Scripts to build and upload the inlined code to FileMaker

## Getting Started

_This widget requires the associated FMP.12 Demo file to function correctly.</br> [DataTables-Demo_PBS](portagebaysolutions.com)_

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`
3. Open the DataTables-Demo_PBS.fmp12 file.
4. JSDev Example - Last Layout in Demo File
5. Allow it to work in Dev mode.

WebViewer should be populated with the PBS custom DataTable. </br>
Ready for modifications
</br>

### **Tools and Resources**

- [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) - _(recommended)_
- [Git](https://git-scm.com) - _(recommended)_
- [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - _npm (required)_
- [jsinFM](https://www.jsinfm.com) - _Original Kit Documentation_

## Kit Modifications

DataTables Support

## Support

Refer to Demo file for all supporting scripts
